Marek and Jaan with story:

Story is important way to present one's idea, so that even programmer could understand the point.

Thus the story is following:

Company has scale which is being used by truck's to measure the load weight.

The scale is manually operated, meaning that the scale reading is displayed on the wall and truck driver has to go out from the truck to write it down.
The truck driver has to go out two times, on empty truck and of fully loaded truck, to get the two respective readings.  Truck driver writes scale readings
on paper and thus substracts one from another.  Truck driver is not excellent in math and could make mistakes.  In addition Estonian cold climate makes 
unconfortable to come out from the truck cabin and to write down the readings.

From business perspective the system could be precise, efficient and elliminate any potential user errors (user defined among other thing is truck driver).

So to make truck driver life easier, to raise social wellbeing level ot truck driver the system has to become automatic.

Therefore there would be needed solution, physical and software solution, to connect the scale to information system.

For being reasonable, this is essential to build small model, to use small toy truck, to see how this stuff works out.

SO THE STORY COMES LIKE THIS (PRESENT STATE):

1. Happy and tired truck driver goes to bring the next load of the material.  
2. Truck driver has to get the weight of empty truck.
3. Truck driver drives on the scale.
4. Truck driver goes out of the cabin, walks to the wall and writes down the reading.
5. Truck driver goes to pick up the material.
6. Truck driver drives on the scale with fully loaded truck.
7. Truck driver goes out of the cabin, walks to the wall and writes down the reading.
8. Truck driver makes the calculation: substracts empty truck weight from fully loaded truck weight.
9. Truck driver makes his way to deliver the load.

STORY FOR THE STATE WE WANT TO ACHIEVE:

1. Happy and tired truck driver goes to bring the next load of the material.  
2. Truck driver has to get the weight of empty truck.
3. Truck driver drives on the scale.
4. Truck driver picks up the phone and runs the respective webpage.
5. Truck driver sees his opened waybill and confirms the empty weight.
6. Truck driver goes to pick up the material.
7. Truck driver drives on the scale with fully loaded truck.
8. Truck driver picks up the phone and runs the respective webpage.
9. Truck driver sees his opened waybill and confirms the empty weight.
10. Truck driver makes his way to deliver the load.

PRECONDITIONS

1. Functioning software with respective webpage.
2. Centrally opened waybill for respective truck driver and respective delivery.


Important terms:
load cell, load cell amplyfier
